digital romance TV
hi this is Claire Casey and today I'm
answering a question about whether a guy
is too old for someone how many how many
years in a relationship is acceptable
what kind of age range is there and
there's not an easy answer overall to
that but there's some general ideas and
guidelines you can go by I have a letter
here from from Vanessa who says Claire
three weeks ago I met this great guy he
is everything I've ever wanted things
were great until last week when he asked
me if the age difference between us
bothered me I'm 20 and he's 29 I thought
that if I assured him it was no problem
for me he'd be fine but lately he hasn't
been returning my calls and I'm not sure
what to do how can I make him more
comfortable with our age difference
I need him to give me a chance please
help Vanessa
it may not be that you can make him
comfortable with the age difference in
your relationship Vanessa he may just be
uncomfortable with it if you're 20 and
he's 29 that's a pretty it's not a big
deal if you're in your 30s or 40s or 50s
or 60s but it's kind of a big deal in
your 20s because you're so you've been
through so much change during that
decade and and the one before it
you're just one year out of being a
that's technically a teenager and and
that's a pretty big deal it's not an
impossible gap to bridge and dating but
it is a big one and if you keep dating
him I would I would take some time to
evaluate your kind of psychological ages
meaning you know you're 20 and he's 29
but are the things that you're doing and
thinking and enjoying are they very 20
and
and the things that he's doing or maybe
very 29 30 30 something for example are
you in college right now are you in
school and you're very busy doing school
related things and maybe he's very busy
doing career related things and and
there's kind of not as much common
ground as there could be that's one
example maybe his friends are all older
and your friends are teenagers in high
school some of them still or some of
them in college or that sort of thing so
go through and say okay are we really a
match given what his interests and age
not age but the ages of his friends the
ages of the things he's doing are those
two things between us compatible they
may still be also at at 20 you were
really at the perfect time of life to do
a lot of experimenting so if he is
interested in still dating that's I
think that's great you can you can enjoy
dating him but I hope you'll date other
guys too you said in your letter you met
him three weeks ago and he's everything
you ever wanted give a relationship a
little more than that give it three
months give it seven months and the
longer you have the more you'll know if
he really is everything that you've ever
wanted in a guy because when it's fresh
and new you're kind of in love and and
it's just everything's perfect
nothing is ever wrong with it and that
can be that can be misleading because
that in love business is chemical and it
does go away you can bring it back you
can renew it but you don't always feel
like every single thing about him is
perfectly charming and wonderful the man
that you spend your whole life with
you'll know plenty of things about him
that are not charming and they're not
perfect by any means and and the same
will be true of you too you'll have
things about you that are just a pain in
the butt and really tough to have to
deal with for your partner so give it
some time enjoy dating date lots of
different guy
and and pick up everything that you can
learn about relationships as you go
you're just in a great time a great
position and accept his interest if if
he is interest and interested and if
he's not that's okay
there are lots and lots of other guys
both his age and your age and everything
in between so that's my basic advice to
you Vanessa I hope things go well for
you thanks for taking the time to write
and listen I'm Claire Casey for digital
romance TV and I'll talk to you again
soon did you know there's a three-step
formula to make a guy fall desperately
in love with you go to digital romance
TV /ch H to learn a simple method any
woman can use to capture a man's heart
and make him love you forever
again that link is digital romance TV /c
h h